Nice guys finish last. That's how it is. That's how it's always gonna be.
Are you gonna see friends?
I just want to feel bad.
Nice guy, huh?
Don't think of it as you're missing out on Anna, okay?
Try to think of it as you're dodging her because she wasn't right for you,
and there's a reason it's not happening.
I wish I were that reason.
You always hear guys say "Nice guys finish last." When have you ever heard girls say "Nice girls finish last."?
Well guess what? It happens. I guess I'm that girl.
Hi, everyone!
Let me first start off by saying thank you, I wasn't expecting such a big response to my video.
I guess the whole nice guy, nice girl topic is a pretty big deal to a lot of you.
I'm glad, 'cause it's a big deal to me too.
Yesterday, Justin and I were hanging out with Matt, and he's still going on and on about how unfair this whole situation with Anna is.
Like you want to talk about unfair?
Hello?
Anyway, it seems like you guys all had some really good opinions.
So let me pull up some of my favorite comments.
Josh said "it's hard to believe in nice girls. Girls always seem to have other options for them that
they're happy to take."
It may look like that on the outside, but it doesn't matter if 100 guys like you
if that one guy doesn't return your feelings.
Jessica makes a good point. "Girls don't complain because we never really take any action.
Unless we actually confess to our feelings, we have no reason to complain."
I guess it's true that most of the time guys are the ones who speak out,
and so they probably feel the rejection more often.
V says
"I believe there is no such thing as who's a bad or nice person.
People who finish last would be people who didn't take chances."
You're right. The word nice gets thrown around too much.
I mean, everyone thinks they're nice. Matt does, and he has no idea what I'm going through.
Cam says "The difference is
girls tend to find the fault in themselves,
while boys blame the girl to make themselves feel better."
Nancy agrees, "Girls blame it on their insecurities instead."
That's probably true.
Gray says "I don't think nice guys or nice girls finish last.
I believe that each person needs to learn how to be patient enough for the right person."
But, how am I supposed to know who's right or not?
I guess we'll see.
And when I find out, Jan's advice will be the truest.
"If you don't finish first, you were probably in the wrong race."
That's a good one.
Well, I gotta say, you guys are really thoughtful.
Yeah, I might be jumping to conclusions, but... I can't help it.
I guess I should just take my own advice.
There's a reason it's not happening.
We don't really know we're finishing last, because we can't tell how things will end.
Well at least I can't.
We have practice in a couple days, so I wonder how Matt's gonna handle seeing Anna again.
I guess I'll just have to fill you guys in next week. Thank you guys so much for your comments. Bye!
♫ chill electronic outro music ♫